hey whats up guys I was on her hair with
a game of domination on derail for you
it's a reasonable game it's when i heard
recently prestiged as you can see I'm
third prestige level 19 I think I don't
if that's a 19 / 10 you'll be able to
see because I'm just looking in a tiny
window but so I only just got steady aim
nope sighs um pro so I so so again
because I never snipe with our cell
phone quad I just can't find it horrible
how long it takes coke in with outside
humper so yeah last life and probe but
just regular so now i'm ricki to
studying because I prefer ninja buy an
unlocked it yet so yeah and using
sultanas because the beginning of this
press om level 19 and at the beginning
of this prestige I well as going for the
stealth bomber icon because the only
icons I didn't have were still for my
hand luke and I got the stealth bombers
I now have the stealth war emblem and so
the only emblem I don't have this the
new cam them from about level 54 or
something now I'm third prestige so I'm
just gonna think i think i'm just using
now predator harrier and pave low
because i'm not going to try and get 10
nukes in that space because i'm a G not
that good at gain them because I pay pre
aggressively as you can see right now
I'm just kind of sitting in the back of
this born but um so yeah I'm going to go
for the nuke em them when i run air each
fourth prestige i'll probably do unlock
comes first then AC on 30 then Luke
and then I use that sup anyway I course
you guys an open lobby didn't say a date
but is going to be today which is April
10th at nine p.m. gmt which is four a.m.
eastern standard time and something like
1am on the far west coast of America
nine tiny sure home and how many hours
point you guys are from gmt go basically
9 p.m. gmt four p.m. EST see if you can
figure out what time is for you I
apologize Tony on who that's not
convenient for like I know Australians
it will probably be past midnight and I
did some Austrians did say they wanted
to play when I so I was going to do it
but there's not really a convenient time
for pretty much everyone in the world so
doing that and what I'm gonna do is just
send me a message sometime today just
saying open lobby and so I haven't him
box full of messages saying open up we
just do it now just on the Xbox website
sign in if you're not always signed in
and send a message to Wells ando saying
open lobby and then around nine when i
started i will invite everyone who i've
received a message from and don't worry
if you can't if you're not there at nine
if you can't be there for like an hour
or two or probably still be going on so
just send me a message whenever today
and i will try and invite you and so
just got my stealth rama this is an ass
you full game because when i actually
started this game I already didn't have
time
jenna was already ready so I was so much
rot in this game and I decided that
wasn't leave until I died which is why I
did I don't even done I got killed which
is when i was on a 27 kill streak so
about 27 kills without I mean 2636 kills
without a nuke on with ready to hurry
yourself from them and the Harrier is
pretty much just morning everyone hi is
either kill like no one or they just go
dick kill kill kill him so they can be
quite irate but yeah so I've just been
kind of running around not sure how this
guy didn't kill me because I miss him
quite a few times and they need to solve
his off and comes back out this way to
find a start I'll stand I gotta think
fast challenges recently did all three
than this receipt good think fast stun
accidentally playing hardcore saw
someone far away but hid behind a wall
because he sighs shoot me first just
popped up the woman sort of stun and it
direct impact determine I thought they'd
kill find out what found that one well
funny and then I just put flash grenades
and all my classes and just got that by
throwing this on
rental I stand and then I did the same
for think fast it's really easy if you
just always have whichever ones you're
missing on so I had frag on all my
classes when I wanted to get think vast
and then just went to you put something
last down and then just look at them so
you get some pretty nice emblems and
titles for them and i think i'm using
the think fast title and the you think
fast flash emblem because the thing pass
fashion was very called a second level I
entirely short that guy was doing it
just seemed angry at windows but Sir got
24 kills there I really don't know
numbers 22 kills at the moment my teams
still winning couple of you will
probably notice and will point out in
the comments that I was not playing the
domination game but that's for reasons I
have already said I just wanted to get
as higher coaster because I can before I
leap before leaving because I was really
running out of time and when I started
this game but it's not like my team were
losing we're winning by nine points so
not that many I think we were getting
dominated us up at one point book I knew
that the people i was playing with were
capturing so sue and you see now I have
all the positions when I have been doing
nothing but killing people but can if it
was still kind of playing the objective
because I like that guy was rushing
towards see to try and capture it so if
you are just kidding even a domination i
still hope helping your team unless your
hardest game dominated and there's my
last kind of the game pathan I feel pick
up this guy's European high Brigade kill
but just fail here really hot
yeah go to you hit mark as well today he
his family singh was quite bad as well
but yet so send a message to azonda
saying open lobby and I will invite you
please like this video comment and
subscribe and ask